---
id: camara-0.0.2
title: August 2020 update
author: Presh Onyee
author_title: Camara Core Team
author_url: https://github.com/preshonyee
author_image_url: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/19210093?s=460&u=0b1ee11bf94b4bc1e66d85564cd99ff584a6a622&v=4
tags: [update, release]
---

A lot of work has been going on in the background on Camara, and the August release is the one that really set things off for us. We've bumped the version to `0.0.2` and this introduces a whole new set of components and improvements to the tooling that helps us get better at building the design system.

Here are the most significant changes in August

- Introduction of 8 new components: We've added buttons, links, typography, empty states, accordion, card, avatar, and badge components.
- Figma community profile: We now have our own public Figma community [profile](https://figma.com/@camara). The entire design system kit is now public and can be used by designers to quickly compose user interfaces with Camara components. There's also the opportunity to draw inspiration and improvements from the Figma community.

- StoryBook support: The Camara react project now has support for [StoryBookJS](https://storybook.js.org/). You can rapidly experiment and prototype with all of the components and APIs that makes up the react component library. Check it out here.

- GitHub actions: We've also experimented with using GitHub actions for both the website and the react component library. So far we love using the [markdown links checker] to check against dead and broken markdown links for our docs, its one of the little things that really improves the quality of our documentation.

Here's our road map intent for September

- Updated documentation: Our documentation isn't where we want it to be yet, and we're making progress on getting it up to date and in sync with new components as soon as they are released.

- Improve the accessibility and usability of the newly released components.

- Add support for FramerX: This is something we're actively experimenting with. FramerX helps bring a lot of fidelity to our design prototypes in a whole lot of ways, this opens up a lot of small hidden gaps and nuances in the interface we often miss out on with a tool like Figma.

- Additional new components: More than just improvements to previous components, September will bring new components to the library.
